Fix language and typos (#979)
grafana/grafana-infinity-datasource: docs/sources/query/uql.md

# UQL Parser

**UQL** (Unstructured query language) is an advance query format in Infinity data source which will consolidate JSON, CSV, XML, GraphQL formats. UQL also provides ability to customize the results.

**UQL** is an opinionated query language designed for in-memory operations. UQL query can be formed with list of commands joined by `|`, in a line each.
Most of the times, fields are referred within double quotes and string values are referred with single quotes. UQL was inspired by kusto query language and follows similar syntax.

> > UQL is still in **beta** but used widely. If you encounter any issues with UQL, create a bug [here](https://github.com/yesoreyeram/uql/issues/new).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" }}
UQL is still in beta but used widely. If you encounter any issues with UQL, create a bug [in GitHub](https://github.com/yesoreyeram/uql/issues/new).
{{< /admonition >}}
```

## Basic UQL commands

> Below you will find the basic UQL commands. All these commands are available in all versions unless specified otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All these commands are available in all versions unless specified otherwise.
```

### project-away

> `project-away` command is exactly opposite as `project`. It just drops specific columns from the data. It does not support alias or dot notation selector.

Reviewer: We prefer contractions: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/voice-tone-guidelines/#tone

```suggestion
`project-away` command is exactly opposite as `project`. It just drops specific columns from the data. It doesn't support alias or dot notation selector.
```

### limit

> `limit` command restricts the number of results returned. For example, the query below returns only 10 results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`limit` command restricts the number of results returned.
For example, the following query returns only 10 results
```
